Let's go ahead and just get clone that.
Great. So now we've got that downloaded.
Let's go inside to that subdirectory.
First, we're just going to take a quick look at the README.
We're going to make this really easy.
We're just going to do a simple installation.
So we're going to copy this for
high level playbook,
copy and paste.
Now we're going to set up our roles,
let's make sure that we match the naming that we
have inside of our playbook, so Elasticsearch.
Now we're going to move all of the components
that are part of that role into that directory.
I'm just doing tab complete here to just get all the files here.
Great. Now let us set up our inventory file.
Now we're ready to kick off our playbook.
When do I specify inventory file?
We're going to do main.yaml.
Wonderful. Solutions, let that take care of installing Elasticsearch for us.
In this case, Elasticsearch is already
installed so we're just going to move on to the next step. Great.